# Influencer-Connect-System
Influencer Connect is a CLI application that allows users (hypothetical marketing firms) to connect with influencers they are interested in working with. The system works by utilizing two inheritance hierarchies: 1. The Influencer hierarchy  2. The UserFirm hierarchy. Both use 2 abstract and 2 regular Java classes two differentiate various pieces of data and add functionality to them. The Influencer hierarchy separates influencers into two categories: 1. Creators, which are social media personalities who do not have an established marketing presence 2. Established, which are established marketing personalities (ie people who already have an established marketable brand like The Rock or Tom Brady). In this system Influencer objects act as products and the UserFirm implementations act as consumers. MarketingProject inherits from UserFirm and has two child implementations in the form of PremiumProject and NonPremiumProject. If you can’t tell from the names, one is to represent firms that are Premium while the other represents firms that are not. Since NonPremiumProject itself has no instance variables specific to its own class (as it is just a regular project) it essentially acts as the implementation of its parent class MarketingProject (which is abstract thus its object type cannot be instantiated). MarketingProject objects (ie Users) can reach out to influencers and based on the Influencers minimum desired salary can make bids to sign them; if the bid that a user (MarketingProject obj) makes is greater than or equal to the specified Influencer objects minimum desired pay, then a deal is made; otherwise, the Influencer object is added to a negotiations HashMap that contains an Influencer key and an offered salary (Integer) as a value.  A user can go back into the negotiations HashMap and continually bid until the Influencers minimum pay is met, or simply choose not to sign with them. 

Premium members have access to view metrics for Creators; the ability to access these metrics can allow Creators who are not established to have potential value to firms who can measure Creators outreach via these metrics. Premium firms will also have access to a recommended page output that considers their personal preferences and feeds them creators who match these preferences. Finally Premium members can also make deals with Established Influencer objects and can also add multiple Target Audiences and InfluencerTypes in their search.

